README.md, before:

# WorldWarRoyale


### Change Log

### [0.0.1] - 21/12/2019

##### Added

- Initial commit
- Container Systems for inventory and other containement

### [0.0.2] - 22/12/2019

##### Removed

- Debug messages

##### Fixed

- Fixed LFS
- Some Container routines

### [0.0.3.0] - 23/12/2019

##### Added

- Weapon change routines
- New weapon

### [0.0.4] - 23/12/2019

##### Added

- Audio Footsteps
- Primitive kind of GUI as Framework-able set up
- Ability to pick up items from the floor
- Training area, new!
- Editorconfig file
- Muzzle fire particles (Scar only)
- Ragdoll death animation
- A scanner for AI to find the player
- Basic enemy NPC
- Waypoints system for NPC
- Enemy shootable 
- Enemy can now shoot the player and looks for him around 
- Enemy states, Aware or not of our presence
- Bullet holes appear when bullets hit surface
- Event Bus system to trigger events more sufficiently

##### Fixed

- Weapon reload
- Weapon GUI
- Changed Aim, finally, but not quite ready

##### Changed
- Made Scanner generic so it look for anytype of defined target type - Version: 0.0.4.2

##### Removed

- The old testing-cube! :dizzy_face:



[0.0.1]: https://github.com/omediadon/WorldWarRoyale/compare/0.0.2...0.0.3.0
[0.0.2]: https://github.com/omediadon/WorldWarRoyale/compare/0.0.2...0.0.3.0
[0.0.3.0]: https://github.com/omediadon/WorldWarRoyale/compare/0.0.2...0.0.3.0
[0.0.4]: https://github.com/omediadon/WorldWarRoyale/compare/0.0.3.0...0.0.4

Commit message:

Line of sight check extension for Transform Class

README.md, after:

# WorldWarRoyale


### Change Log

### [0.0.1] - 21/12/2019

##### Added

- Initial commit
- Container Systems for inventory and other containement

### [0.0.2] - 22/12/2019

##### Removed

- Debug messages

##### Fixed

- Fixed LFS
- Some Container routines

### [0.0.3.0] - 23/12/2019

##### Added

- Weapon change routines
- New weapon

### [0.0.4] - 23/12/2019

##### Added

- Audio Footsteps
- Primitive kind of GUI as Framework-able set up
- Ability to pick up items from the floor
- Training area, new!
- Editorconfig file
- Muzzle fire particles (Scar only)
- Ragdoll death animation
- A scanner for AI to find the player
- Basic enemy NPC
- Waypoints system for NPC
- Enemy shootable 
- Enemy can now shoot the player and looks for him around 
- Enemy states, Aware or not of our presence
- Bullet holes appear when bullets hit surface
- Event Bus system to trigger events more sufficiently
- Line of sight check extension for Transform Class

##### Fixed

- Weapon reload
- Weapon GUI
- Changed Aim, finally, but not quite ready

##### Changed
- Made Scanner generic so it look for anytype of defined target type - Version: 0.0.4.2

##### Removed

- The old testing-cube! :dizzy_face:



[0.0.1]: https://github.com/omediadon/WorldWarRoyale/compare/0.0.2...0.0.3.0
[0.0.2]: https://github.com/omediadon/WorldWarRoyale/compare/0.0.2...0.0.3.0
[0.0.3.0]: https://github.com/omediadon/WorldWarRoyale/compare/0.0.2...0.0.3.0
[0.0.4]: https://github.com/omediadon/WorldWarRoyale/compare/0.0.3.0...0.0.4
